== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Integrantes:
* Angelo Rusca
* Antonio Mamani
* Roberto Rodriguez
* Oscar Alvarez

==> trabajemos en el proyecto

==> Se retiraron 3 integrantes del proyecto, quedando solo 1:

* Roberto Rodriguez F.
Bye

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

<p>Opened in 1999, Restaurant Wok & Wine is a casual fine dining restaurant, offering eclectic American cuisine and warm hospitality in a rustic historically preserved building. A high, open beam ceiling, exposed brick and concrete floors display the original space, while an open kitchen, banquette seating and gentle lighting contribute to an intimate and contemporary feel.</p>

<p>We specialize in three course tasting menus, allowing the customer to select any three dishes from the menu for $55 per person. A la Carte dining is also available.</p>

<p>Our food is sourced from top quality seasonal ingredients, featuring a high percentage of local and organic products. Our menu changes every six to eight weeks, offering a mix of new and signature dishes. We consider Wok & Wine to be a truly “American” restaurant honoring many different cooking traditions and interpreting them with our unique creative vision.</p>

<p>Inspired by great artisanal foods of the world. We craft all of our stocks, sauces, breads, pastries and ice creams from scratch on a daily basis. We also strive to support other artisanal producers when purchasing wine, cheese, honey and many other ingredients.</p>

<p>Our approach towards the operation of the restaurant is truly cooperative. We believe that every single member of our staff is integral to our success and pay sustainable living wages to all employees, offering medical benefits and profit sharing to all full time employees.</p>

<h2>Who lead us</h2>

<p>Our current leaders of kitchen and service at Wok & Wine:</p>

<ul>

<li>Alexander Roberts – Executive Chef / CEO / Proprietor</li>

<li>Mike Berger / General Manager</li>

<li>Lucas Rosenbrook– Chef / Kitchen Manager</li>

<li>James Hirdler – Service Supervisor / Wine Director</li>

<li>Hannah Drehmann – Event Coordinator</li>

<li>Carrie Riggs – Pastry Chef</li>

</ul>

<h2>Alexander Roberts</h2>
